# Woh Lamhe Movie Hd Video Download
  Woh Lamhe Movie HD Video Download     
Woh Lamhe is a 2006 Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film directed by Mohit Suri, starring Kangana Ranaut and Shiney Ahuja. The film is supposedly based on Parveen Babi's life, her battle with schizophrenia and her relationship with Mahesh Bhatt to whom she was a lover as well as a mentor in his struggling days. The film was critically acclaimed for its screenplay, direction, and a noteworthy performance of Ranaut. For her performance in the film, Ranaut won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut at the 52nd Filmfare Awards.
     
If you are looking for Woh Lamhe movie HD video download, you can find it on various online platforms such as Google Play, YouTube, and Amazon Prime Video. You can also watch the trailer of the film on IMDb or The Movie Database. The film has a runtime of 2 hours and 12 minutes and is rated Not Rated by IMDb. The film has a rating of 6.5 out of 10 on IMDb and 7.2 out of 10 on The Movie Database based on user reviews.
 
**Download 🗹 [https://urluss.com/2A0TQj](https://urluss.com/2A0TQj)**


     
Woh Lamhe tells the story of Sana Azim (Kangana Ranaut), a Bollywood superstar who is dominated by her boyfriend Nikhil (Shaad Randhawa), who makes all her career decisions for her. To the world she is a successful and independent woman, but she's actually lonely and lost, a mere puppet in Nikhil's hands. Aditya Garewal (Shiney Ahuja) is an aspiring director keen on casting Sana for his debut film, but only on his own terms; he is willing to go to any lengths to get her to agree to the film, even if that means preying on her slight insecurities and her turbulent relationship with Nikhil. Nikhil is successful in casting her in her film, which turns out to be a super hit. But somewhere along the way he realizes that he just can't pull away from Sana; he has actually fallen in love with her in spite of his friend Sam (Purab Kohli) reminding him that Sana is just their ladder to success. As the film progresses Aditya realizes that Sana is not just insecure and lonely; she's also mentally unbalanced, suffering from acute schizophrenia. She's haunted by the imaginary Rani who leads her to believe that everyone is out to kill her. Sana's mother and Nikhil get her admitted to the hospital and resort to shock treatment to speed up her recovery so she can return to all of her assignments. What follows is Aditya's unshakable belief that he can heal Sana; he even gives up his burgeoning career to take her away from the industry and free Sana from all of her mental demons. But she's unable to break free of her illness, and one day she walks out of Aditya's life, no longer wanting to be the cause of pain and turbulence in his life.
     
Woh Lamhe is a film that explores the complexities of love, fame, and mental health. It is a tribute to Parveen Babi and Mahesh Bhatt's relationship, which was marked by passion, devotion, and tragedy. The film features some melodious songs composed by Pritam, Roop Kumar Rathod, Jawad Ahmed, Peterpan, Glenn John, and Raju Singh. Some of the popular songs from the film are Kya Mujhe Pyaar Hai, Tu Jo Nahin, Chal Chale, Bin Tere, and So Jaoon Main. You can listen to these songs on Gaana, Spotify, or JioSaavn.
     
If you are a fan of Kangana Ranaut, Shiney Ahuja, or Mohit Suri, you should definitely watch Woh Lamhe movie HD video download. It is a film that will touch your heart with its emotional story and powerful performances. You can download Woh Lamhe movie HD video from any of the online platforms mentioned above or buy the DVD from Amazon or Flipkart. You can also read more about the film on Wikipedia or IMDb. Woh Lamhe is a film that will make you cherish those moments...
 3952bcde3c
 
